"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." – John Lennon
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." – Oscar Wilde
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." – Robert Frost
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." – Elbert Hubbard
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." – Robert Frost
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." – Mae West
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." – Albert Einstein
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Nelson Mandela
"If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot." – Stephen King
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened." – Dr. Seuss
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." – Wayne Gretzky
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." – Alan Kay
"We accept the love we think we deserve." – Stephen Chbosky
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." – Socrates
"Not all those who wander are lost." – J.R.R. Tolkien
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." – Chinese Proverb
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
"The unexamined life is not worth living." – Socrates
"Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary." – John Keating (Dead Poets Society)
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." – Lao Tzu
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." – Oscar Wilde
"Everything you can imagine is real." – Pablo Picasso
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." – Albert Einstein
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything." – Mark Twain
"What we think, we become." – Buddha
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." – Oscar Wilde
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." – Charles R. Swindoll
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." – Walt Whitman
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." – Albert Einstein
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." – Steve Jobs
"Whatever you are, be a good one." – Abraham Lincoln
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." – Anaïs Nin
"Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan
"Don't count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"The best revenge is massive success." – Frank Sinatra
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." – Confucius
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." – Leonardo da Vinci
"Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve." – Napoleon Hill
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." – Norman Vincent Peale
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" – Audrey Hepburn
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." – Arthur Ashe
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." – Oprah Winfrey
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." – Roy T. Bennett
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." – Confucius
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser
"Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today." – James Dean
"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." – Plato
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt